Main requirements:

1) The navbar should have a brand name ( you cannot use CareerHub as the
brand name), navigation options like Statistics, Applied Jobs, and Blog, and a
button ✅
2) The homepage should have a Banner , Category List section, and Featured job
section ✅
3) Create a JSON for the category and show 4 cards having the following
information in the category section: ✅
a) Category logo
b) Category name
c) Jobs available

4) Make another json file having a minimum of 6 job data. The data will have the
following information: (10) ✅
a) id
b) Company Logo
c) Job title
d) Company Name
e) Remote or Onsite
f) Location
g) Fulltime / part-time
h) Salary
i) Job Description
j) Job Responsibility
k) Educational Requirements
l) Experiences
m) Contact information(phone, email)

5) At first, the featured section will show the first four job cards containing all the
information as shown in the figma. This featured section will also contain a see
all jobs button at the bottom of these cards. ✅

6) Clicking on the View Details button will redirect the user to the /job/:id route
where he/she will see a banner and all the details as shown in the figma.

7) Clicking on the Apply Now button will add that job information to local storage.

8) Create an Applied Jobs page showing all the applied jobs in a tabular/list view.
Don’t forget to add a banner at the top.

9) Create a statistics page. It cannot be a simple line/bar chart. The chart will be
based on the assignment marks (all the marks you got so far) against the
assignment number. Don’t forget to give tooltips ✅
10)Create a 404 page ✅

Bonus requirements:

1. Create a blog page and answer the following questions:  ✅
a. When should you use context API?
b. What is a custom hook?
c. What is useRef?
d. What is useMemo?

2. Add a filter system or you can add two buttons on the applied job page. The filter
system or 2 buttons will have:
a. The remote option will show all the remote job postings
b. The on-site option will show all the on-site job postings

3. Clicking on the see all jobs button will load all the jobs and your site will not
show 404 after the reload. Moreover, you must make the home page responsive for
mobile and desktop.  ✅

4. Your repository must have a minimum of 10 meaningful GitHub commits. Create a
Readme file and make a list of the best features of your project. The list can be ordered
or unordered. The Readme file must contain a live link(hosting) of your project.   ✅

Optional:
1) Create a footer

2) Add active style to links on the navbar
3) show the page name on the banner
4) hide the see all jobs buttons
5) Don’t allow users to apply for the same job multiple times. If the user tries to
apply for the same job multiple times, and show him/her a toast alert.

Submit two things:
1. Private repo link
2. Live website (netlify or Surge)
Deadline:
1. 60 marks 3 days
2. 50 marks 0 day

git push origin HEAD:main --force

